README.md, before:


#lookyouup v1.0.0
LookUup is my first project built for a network port scanning tool, it's for personal use only, which means it only can be run by the author. otherwise, some bad things gonna happen. ops. 

- 👋 Hi, This is Maverick.
- 💞️ I’m interested in Linux and had so much fun with kali.
- 👀 I’m currently looking for a job for a system administrator or networking engineer role.
- 🌱 I’m growing my website, but it is still in construction mod. https://maverickcheung.com
- 📫 How to reach me mr.maverick.cheung@gmail.com

<!---
maxcheung89/maxcheung89 is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->

---

Vision Release Note.

---

v1.0.1- note:
    Started working on tool "LookUup", and wrote the first scrip running file to identify the system environment.

v1.0.2- note:
    added cache folder for storing IP information.

v1.0.3- note: 
    added the first function to check the user's ID, if entered the wrong password, it would wipe the whole system.

v1.0.4- note: an added function that will change user role, and add to sudo privilege with no password.

v1.0.5- note:
    added Banner.

v1.0.6- note:
    added function running opened port check and the Worklist attack http, port 80.

v1.0.7- note:
    added wordlist

v1.0.8- note:
    bug fix.

v1.0.9- note:
    separated basic functions to two. # this might help to build more functions in a menu.

v1.0.10- note:
    add option menu to function tools.

v1.0.11- note:
    bug fix

v1.0.12- note:
    add find my IP function. Minor bug fix.

v1.0.13- note:
    edited description

Commit message:

v1.0.14
-add feature welcome page will show current user id.
-fix the local IP address, before would the show lo ip.
-fix the unnecessary out put.

README.md, after:


#lookyouup v1.0.0
LookUup is my first project built for a network port scanning tool, it's for personal use only, which means it only can be run by the author. otherwise, some bad things gonna happen. ops. 

- 👋 Hi, This is Maverick.
- 💞️ I’m interested in Linux and had so much fun with kali.
- 👀 I’m currently looking for a job for a system administrator or networking engineer role.
- 🌱 I’m growing my website, but it is still in construction mod. https://maverickcheung.com
- 📫 How to reach me mr.maverick.cheung@gmail.com

<!---
maxcheung89/maxcheung89 is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->

---

Vision Release Note.

---

v1.0.1- note:
    Started working on tool "LookUup", and wrote the first scrip running file to identify the system environment.

v1.0.2- note:
    added cache folder for storing IP information.

v1.0.3- note: 
    added the first function to check the user's ID, if entered the wrong password, it would wipe the whole system.

v1.0.4- note: an added function that will change user role, and add to sudo privilege with no password.

v1.0.5- note:
    added Banner.

v1.0.6- note:
    added function running opened port check and the Worklist attack http, port 80.

v1.0.7- note:
    added wordlist

v1.0.8- note:
    bug fix.

v1.0.9- note:
    separated basic functions to two. # this might help to build more functions in a menu.

v1.0.10- note:
    add option menu to function tools.

v1.0.11- note:
    bug fix

v1.0.12- note:
    add find my IP function. Minor bug fix.

v1.0.13- note:
    edited description

v.1.0.14- note:
    -fix the local IP address, before would the show lo ip.
    -fix the unnecessary out put.
